The actual basic principles of the non profit association __«Health and Integral Development»__:

1. __Art as an attitude in front of any task.__ The artistic attitude makes us enjoy and improve any action: _All verbs are Arts!_
2. All things are then artworks, and they can be nutritive, empty or toxic. The things are healthy and enhance health when they are nutritive for lot of people (not only the author). _Let’s keep away from toxic or empty artworks!_
3. __Nature as a reference and constant teacher.__ Life is complex and we need to lose the fear about complexity and be open to its management. Every being is singular and we can’t keep simplifying and uniforming all in a industrial style. _There are no equal parts in nature!_
4. __Is required to evolve personally__ in order to evolve collectively as a species, from an ego-centric to a world-centric point of view. Is needed to open the own source of love inside each one to stop looking for love outside one-self!
5. The mental ability of separate the reality in parts or words (left hemisphere, the Ego), brings us to loneliness and collective disaster. __Is required to reestablish the mental ability of unifying and finding what’s common in all stuff__ (right hemisphere, Consciousness) if we want to create communities and survive as a specie. We drive from our consciousness and we keep the ego as a simple copilot!
6. Only love creates, unify and builds (when is unconditional, altruist). The fear and the egoism, like child, separates ourselves and destroys. __Only when we stop judging we can love and communicate in a healthy way__, accepting the reality as it is in order to improve it.
7. __The common good needs to funded by the people__, everyone with his/her possibilities, because it will never be financed by the neo-liberal capitalism. We can organize ourselves to solve the common needs of the people!
8. The most effective way to generate a global change to Love is __creating and feeding new and better common structures__, better economies (fair, ecologic, cooperative, social and solidarity), and stop feeding and old system, obsolete, unfair and antidemocratic, that is falling itself.
9. Take the decision to have real __commitment__ with one-self and with others, to became __coherent__ (doing what you say) and create links and community.
10. There are two kinds of __authority__, the one of ruling and the one of knowing. We embrace the leadership of who knows best on each matter by experience, and we reject the authority of who rules from ignorance.
